When I was in third grade,
I beat up a high school student
who was being arrogant.
WRITING, MATHEMATICS
He may be older than me,
but arrogance is arrogance.
When others look down on me…
and I can feel that they
are looking down on me,
the bell that indicates
the start of a fight starts ringing.
It's nothing interesting, really.
Beating up a boring guy
is still going to be boring.
What?
What kind of woman…
do you like?
Who are you?
I had a feeling that…
I wouldn't feel bored anymore.
It's time to unleash my cursed technique.
What?
Didn't you use it before?
However, I don't have time
to explain it in detail now.
I can only tell you one thing…
Don't stop.
Believe in me!
Only two things, right?
Let me review its moves.
Roots emerge from the ground.
I believe that the smaller the scale,
the stronger and faster it would be.
Wooden Ball.
Each Wooden Ball can launch
one or two attacks.
Then it will disappear.
I need to watch the time gap
since it can be controlled midair.
Cursed Bud.
I think Fushiguro got hit by that.
Will it be over
if they plant it into someone?
If so, I hope there's a limit
to how many it can use.
Flower Field.
It can distract his opponents.
But my injury is making me focus better.
I don't need to be too wary of that.
Not to forget the left arm it revealed.
Also, the possibility that
everything could be a disguise!
But regardless of its cursed technique,
I'll just prevent it from using it.
Considering this
is an emergency situation,
my IQ of 530,000…
and my CPU brain has concluded
that the outcome should be…
Why? Because I'm not alone.
Because you're here!
What?
Todo!
First one down.
What…
What?
Todo!
I see.
It's so simple.
Therefore, it's a troublesome
cursed technique.
Yes, my cursed technique allows me
to trade places with someone else.
Boogie Woogie!
Todo.
Eliminate the opponent first
before it adjusts to it.
By the way,
clapping is the way to activate it!
Their physical differences…
feel more significant
after trading places.
Am I the object of the trade,
or is it Sukuna's vessel?
When he claps his hand,
I'm forced to choose either one.
It slows down my judgment.
Not good. This is…
I can't escape!
It's coming again!
Continuous use of Black Flash
isn't amazing at all.
It is hard to use it more than twice
unless unleashed consecutively
on the same day.
The reason behind the first success
might be one's luck or capability.
After using Black Flash,
a sorcerer will enter the zone,
similar to what athletes experience.
The thinking process revolving around
sorcery becomes as easy as breathing.
You feel like
you're the center of everything,
and that you're omnipotent.
I guess it can be described like this?
My record, you ask?
Four times.
It was just pure luck.
Black Flash!
Brother.
You always give me this premonition.
Black Flash.
Three times in a row.
Don't get ahead of yourself!
Trading places?
I should be careful of…
Sukuna's…
They didn't change places!
Clapping my hands doesn't mean
that I'll activate the cursed technique.
It's simple, but you fell for it.
It's the same as before.
I have a feeling that
I wouldn't feel bored anymore!
Black Flash.
It attacked right after the switch.
Looks like it's getting used to
Todo's cursed technique.
But the continuous Black Flash
just now was effective.
Both of us can exorcise it!
This is the first time in my life
I've suffered such a serious injury.
Even so…
The thrill of fighting
has not disappeared!
The explanation of his
cursed technique seems phony.
Can he trade other people's places
besides himself?
Todo!
He tried to protect me…
Don't worry, brother.
If I defend with my body
and cursed energy,
this level of Cursed Buds…
I'll deflect them all.
Are you sure?
Takada?
Do you remember Fushiguro's wound?
Of course!
My opponent is shooting
Cursed Buds at me now.
That's why I…
However,
the buds inside Fushiguro
grew a little, right?
Did it grow because it absorbed his blood?
It could be.
But his opponent was a Cursed Spirit.
What is the most possible reason?
Cursed energy.
TOOK PLACE FOR 0.01 SECONDS
He withdrew his cursed energy
at the last moment!
Did he find out about it?
The stronger the protective cursed energy,
the bigger the Cursed Buds will grow.
Is the NHE coming soon?
NHE, NATIONAL HANDSHAKE EVENT
I must express my gratitude to her.
Right?
Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
You should have noticed
that my explanation was incomplete.
But you still need
to consider one more thing.
That is the target of Boogie Woogie.
Can I only switch the positions
of living creatures within my range?
My cursed technique works on anything,
including Cursed Corpses!
So the answer is…
it works on anything
with enough cursed energy!
Special Grade Cursed Spirit,
have you noticed?
We're back to the same place.
That thing is sleeping inside!
Maki's Special Grade Cursed Tool
is under the river.
The tree branches on its face
are particularly fragile.
The river?
What did I switch positions with?
Special Grade Cursed Tool.
Playful Cloud!
I imbued my cursed energy
on this Special Grade Cursed Tool,
but I still can't exorcise it.
What?
Plants cannot breed cursed energy.
My left hand can absorb
life from other plants
and convert it into cursed energy.
The cursed energy won't recharge my body.
However, it will flow into this flower.
I didn't want to use this, if possible.
Todo!
Don't come here, brother!
This output of cursed energy
is extraordinary.
It's easy for you to avoid it
using your cursed technique.
In that case, what should I do?
Domain--
The Veil…
I see.
I was wondering how can he be
so loud without loudspeakers.
This old man is a loudspeaker himself.
His cursed technique amplifies
the music he plays and launches it.
A predictable mid-range fighter.
He obviously doesn't want me
to go near him.
I'll make a wallet then.
A wallet filled with an old man's smell.
Understood.
Go and meet with Shoko, Nishimiya.
It's okay, Mei Mei will look after Miwa.
Luckily, reception is still
working on phones.
This is normal
due to the nature of the Veil.
Someone in Jujutsu High School…
is colluding with
Cursed Users or Cursed Spirits.
Looks like it's not a misunderstanding.
What?
I thought I got you.
A human?
Is he a Curse User?
This is why…
Looks pretty good, right?
Juzo made this for me.
Didn't you see him just now?
You are weak,
so let the katana support you.
That's what he said.
What can you give me, miss?
-You're not popular with girls, right?
-What?
We've only just met,
and you keep talking about yourself.
I'm charging you money.
Are you qualified to charge people
for being their listener?
-You guys!
-Shut up! Don't argue with me!
What?
Gosh!
There are so many girls! I'm so popular!
Are you listening to us?
I'll be the support.
Be careful not to get shot by mistake.
You should be careful!
The Veil is lifted?
Really? It's not even 30 minutes.
I'm running!
What's wrong with him?
Hey!
The dazzling clothing rack
is right in front of my eyes.
Now then…
Where should I start?
Is that…
Seems like this is as far as we get.
What?
Mr. Gojo?
Yuji's level…
He has greatly improved.
I see. It must be Aoi.
He really works well with Yuji.
Looks like they are fighting
a Special Grade.
I shouldn't worry about them.
In that case, my priority would be…
You.
Clothing rack!
Don't kill him!
I have many questions to ask him.
Don't let him die.
Come on, heal him.
The Curse User who attacked
Utahime has disappeared.
Were they planning to escape all along?
Is that the only one left?
That one is good at escaping, too.
This place is quite far away from Yuji.
I have no choice.
Let's be a little violent.
Cursed Technique Lapse, Blue.
Cursed Technique Reversal, Red.
I'm withdrawing.
I'm not conceited enough to believe
that I can take on Satoru Gojo.
Are you serious?
What are you trying to do?
Wait a minute, brother!
Todo, why are you stopping me?
Don't get any closer.
You'll be swept into it.
Hollow…
Purple.
He's still beyond common sense, as always.
Gosh…
I can't even tell if the Cursed Spirit
was exorcised or not.
It hurts!
It hurts so much!
Shut up!
All right!
Everything's resolved!
Of course, it's not that simple.
I wonder if Hanami is okay.
Mission accomplished.
-Juju Stroll.
-Salmon.
ARE YOU A DOG OR A CAT PERSON?
I'm a dog person.
No, maybe I'm a cat person.
Wait a minute.
I'll choose dog if it's a large one.
Dogs.
I think dogs.
What? I'm definitely a cat person.
Salmon.
Of course, I'm a panda person!
Do you want me to kill you?
Does everyone dislike me?
No. It's just that
there are only two options.
Ignore him.
NOBARA KUGISAKI, THIRD BASEMAN